markdown/selection_task/Selection_Tasks.rst, before:

Selection Task 2022-2023
========================

Hi there, Welcome to the **A.T.O.M**'s Selection Task of 2022-2023.

The TASK provided here are the selection criteria for joining the
**A.T.O.M** society. Those who successfully finish the tasks within the
alloted time frame will be qualified for an interview round in order to become a
member of the **A.T.O.M** society.

The tasks are not only to test your problem solving skills but to also see your
diligence to learn new stuff, the ablity to get the work done.

There are currently two types of selection tasks which are:
   #. **Standard Task:** Begineer friendly task which can easly be performed with the help of some interest and logical reasoning.
   #. **Specialized Task:** A little advanced task requiring prior knowledge of the tech stack to create a successful solution.


.. Note::
   - All the resources to complete the said task are provided in
   the ROS section of ATOM WIKI. So make sure to check it out if you are
   new to ROS.
   - **We encourage you to attempt more than one task. It will 
   improve your profile and increase your chances of getting selected.**

.. Warning::
   The deadline for all the Tasks is: 11th December, 2022 Head to the
   Problem statement section to begin with the task.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Standard Task

   ROS Selection Task <./ROS_Selection_Task.rst>

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Specialization Task

   CV Selection Task <./CV_Selection_Task.rst>
   Electronics Selection Task <./Elec_Selection_Task.rst>
   CAD Selection Task <./CAD_Selection_Task.rst>

Commit message:

minor context improvements in selection task section

markdown/selection_task/Selection_Tasks.rst, after:

Selection Task 2022-2023
========================

Hi there, Welcome to the **A.T.O.M**'s Selection Task of 2022-2023.

The TASK provided here are the selection criteria for joining the
**A.T.O.M** society. Those who successfully finish the tasks within the
alloted time frame will be qualified for an interview round in order to become a
member of the **A.T.O.M** society.

The tasks are not only to test your problem solving skills but to also see your
diligence to learn new stuff, the ablity to get the work done.

There are currently two types of selection tasks which are:
   #. **Standard Task:** Begineer friendly task which can easly be performed with the help of some interest and logical reasoning.
   #. **Specialized Task:** A little advanced task requiring prior knowledge of the tech stack to create a successful solution.


.. Note::
   **We encourage you to attempt more than one task. It will 
   improve your profile and increase your chances of getting selected.**

.. Warning::
   The *Deadline* for all the Tasks is: *11th December, 2022*.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Standard Task

   ROS Selection Task <./ROS_Selection_Task.rst>

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Specialization Task

   CV Selection Task <./CV_Selection_Task.rst>
   Electronics Selection Task <./Elec_Selection_Task.rst>
   CAD Selection Task <./CAD_Selection_Task.rst>

`Task submission <./Task_Submission.rst>`__
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. Note::
   Even if you are not able to complete entire the task you
   are requested to make submission of the work that you have done
   anyway.
