markdown/selection_task/Task_Submission.rst, before:

Task Submission
================

For Submissions of your work please refer to the following instructions

-  **Video**

   -  After completing the task, record a video of your work as shown in
      the expected output in the problem statement page
   -  Once the video is recorded, upload the video to Youtube as an
      unlisted video

-  **Code**

   -  Once your script is complete, add comments to your code to make it
      more readable.
   -  Create a copy of your script and rename it as <task_your_name> . 
      For example if you worked on Computer vision task on a python file 
      and your name is ‘Alex’, then rename your script to cvtask_alex.py

-  **Submissions**

   -  Once you have both of the above things ready, submit the YouTube
      link of the video and the script in the google form given below

-  **Interview**

   -  Once we review your submission, we will be calling you for a
      personal interview based on your work.

`Submit task here <https://forms.gle/NiFdXSd5YuHHuh3S6>`__
***********************************************************

.. Note:: Even if you are not able to complete entire the task you
   are requested to make submission of the work that you have done
   anyway.

Commit message:

Added deadline warning in task submission page

markdown/selection_task/Task_Submission.rst, after:

Task Submission
================

.. Warning::
   The deadline for all the Tasks is: 11th December, 2022 Head to the
   Problem statement section to begin with the task.

For Submissions of your work please refer to the following instructions

-  **Video**

   -  After completing the task, record a video of your work as shown in
      the expected output in the problem statement page
   -  Once the video is recorded, upload the video to Youtube as an
      unlisted video

-  **Code**

   -  Once your script is complete, add comments to your code to make it
      more readable.
   -  Create a copy of your script and rename it as <task_your_name> . 
      For example if you worked on Computer vision task on a python file 
      and your name is ‘Alex’, then rename your script to cvtask_alex.py

-  **Submissions**

   -  Once you have both of the above things ready, submit the YouTube
      link of the video and the script in the google form given below

-  **Interview**

   -  Once we review your submission, we will be calling you for a
      personal interview based on your work.

`Submit task here <https://forms.gle/NiFdXSd5YuHHuh3S6>`__
***********************************************************

.. Note:: Even if you are not able to complete entire the task you
   are requested to make submission of the work that you have done
   anyway.
