markdown/selectiontask24/cad_sel.rst, before:

CAD Selection Task: Standard Instructions
=========================================


The TASK provided here is the selection criteria for joining the
**A.T.O.M** society. Those who sucessfully finish the task within the
given time frame will be eligible to give an interview and eventually
become a member of the **A.T.O.M** society.

-  The tasks are not only to test your problem solving skills but also
   to see your diligence to learn new stuff the ablity to get the work
   done.

-  You will be required to finish **Two** tasks in the alloted time
   frame. Both of them are supposed to be done in any 3d modeling
   software preferably **Fusion360**.

-  If there are any 3D Designs or any other previous works (even 2d
   sketches are fine) related to the stuff you have worked on, you are
   welcome to share those as well with your submissions. It is optional,
   but this would help us further see your creativity and skills.


---------------------------------------------

Task 1
------

Problem statement
-----------------------
-  The objective of the task is to make a 3D model of a part using the
   given engineering drawing.

-  To achieve this task you may use any method but the end result should
   be as close as possible to the original drawing.

-  You will be judged on the basis of your way of designing, so keep
   that in mind and make sure to follow proper practices(Like using
   constraints appropriately).

.. Note:: You may use any software that you are familiar with but you
   are recommended to use **Fusion360**.

Once you are done with the Task 1 please submit it by heading over to
`[Submissions <https://atom-robotics-lab.github.io/wiki/markdown/cad_sel.html#submission-instructions>`__

.. Note:: Head to `Task 2 <https://atom-robotics-lab.github.io/wiki/markdown/cad_sel.html#task-2>`__ once you are done with
   task1.

Expected Output
-----------------------

.. raw:: html

.. figure:: tas1.png


Task 2
-----------------------
.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. raw:: html

   </center>

Problem statement
-----------------------

-  The objective of the task is to create or draw an eg/cad drawing for the following displayed below.

-  To acheive this task you are supposed to create a project in autocad and and make the desired output.

Description
-----------------------
- The slider-crank mechanism is indeed a fundamental mechanical linkage used in various machines and mechanisms. It consists of four main components: a crank, a slider, a connecting rod, and a pivot joint. 

- You will be judged on the basis of the following criteria:

   - Manufacturability of the links and mounts (Preferebly 3d Printable)
   
   - Adhering to the giving details and guidelines.
   
   - Reusability and esay to modify in future if required.
   
   - You may use any methods and tools to achieve the task buy make sure to follow proper 3d modeling practices like constraints, joints etc.



.. Warning::
   The **Deadline** for completing the task: **16th October, 2023**

Expected Output
-----------------------
.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bPP_lZJG9qI?si=7Cp8L7nPP39KoWYW" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>




.. raw:: html
 
.. figure:: mechanism.png

..  Note:: THE DRAWING SHOULD BE DONE ACCURATELY AND AS EXPECTED .
   

Submission Instructions
-----------------------

For Submissions of your work please refer to the following instructions

Task 1
------

-  Video

   -  Once you are done with the modelling, you have to record a video
      of your screen where show the model from different angles in the
      software you used. Then you have to upload the video on YouTube
      and share a link to the video in the submission form.

-  Model file

   -  Once your Model is complete, export it as a stl file and rename it
      as .stl. For example if your name is ‘Alex’, then rename your file
      as Task1_Alex.stl

Optional Submissions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  Previous Works (Optional)

   -  You are welcome to submit any of your previous work related to 3D
      modeling. It is optional but, this would help us see your
      creativity and skills. You have to add it to drive and share the
      drive link in the submission form. **Make sure the link is public
      and accessible by anyone.**


   .. Seealso:: Last date for submission is **16th of October**

`Google Form for Task submission <https://forms.gle/MpB8P4WSqZW9TUXT9>`__
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Task 2
------

-  Video

   -  Once you are done with the modelling, you have to record a video
      of your screen where show the model from different angles, move
      all the joints and show it’s working in the software you used.
      Then you have to upload the video on YouTube as unlisted and share
      a link to the video in the submission form.

-  Model file

   -  Once your Model is complete, upload the model files in a google
      drive folder and share the link in the google form below. Make
      sure to give viewing acess while creating the shareable link for
      the google drive.

.. Seealso:: Last date for submission is **16th of October**

.. _google-form-for-task-submission-1:

`Google Form for Task submission <https://forms.gle/4c7ep5HaYt8mJY7i9>`__
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Interview
---------

::

   - Once we review your submission, we will be calling you for a personal interview based on your work.
   - We would be asking about some general question related to computers and your thought process & stuff related to the task that you have performed.


.. Note:: Make sure you submit both of your task before the 16th of
   October. Both the submissions have to be done separately. Even if you
   are not able to complete entire the task you are requested to make
   the submission of the work that you have done anyway.

Commit message:

Update cad_sel.rst add judging criteria

markdown/selectiontask24/cad_sel.rst, after:

CAD Selection Task: Standard Instructions
=========================================


The TASK provided here is the selection criteria for joining the
**A.T.O.M** society. Those who sucessfully finish the task within the
given time frame will be eligible to give an interview and eventually
become a member of the **A.T.O.M** society.

-  The tasks are not only to test your problem solving skills but also
   to see your diligence to learn new stuff the ablity to get the work
   done.

-  You will be required to finish **Two** tasks in the alloted time
   frame. Both of them are supposed to be done in any 3d modeling
   software preferably **Fusion360**.

-  If there are any 3D Designs or any other previous works (even 2d
   sketches are fine) related to the stuff you have worked on, you are
   welcome to share those as well with your submissions. It is optional,
   but this would help us further see your creativity and skills.


---------------------------------------------

Task 1
------

Problem statement
-----------------------
-  The objective of the task is to make a 3D model of a part using the
   given engineering drawing.

-  To achieve this task you may use any method but the end result should
   be as close as possible to the original drawing.

-  You will be judged on the basis of your way of designing, so keep
   that in mind and make sure to follow proper practices(Like using
   constraints appropriately).

.. Note:: You may use any software that you are familiar with but you
   are recommended to use **Fusion360**.

Once you are done with the Task 1 please submit it by heading over to
`Submissions <https://atom-robotics-lab.github.io/wiki/markdown/selectiontask24/cad_sel.html#submission-instructions>`__

.. Note:: Head to `Task 2 <https://atom-robotics-lab.github.io/wiki/markdown/selectiontask24/cad_sel.html#task-2>`__ once you are done with
   task1.

Expected Output
-----------------------

.. raw:: html

.. figure:: tas1.png


Task 2
-----------------------
.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. raw:: html

   </center>

Problem statement
-----------------------

-  The objective of the task is to create or draw an eg/cad drawing for the following displayed below.

-  To acheive this task you are supposed to create a project in autocad and and make the desired output.

Description
-----------------------
- The slider-crank mechanism is indeed a fundamental mechanical linkage used in various machines and mechanisms. It consists of four main components: a crank, a slider, a connecting rod, and a pivot joint. 

- You will be judged on the basis of the following criteria:

   **The judging criteria for CAD selection tasks will include an evaluation of the design history of CAD during the interview.**

   - The judging criteria for CAD selection tasks will include an evaluation of the design history of CAD during the interview.
   - Manufacturability of the links and mounts (Preferebly 3d Printable)
   
   - Adhering to the giving details and guidelines.
   
   - Reusability and esay to modify in future if required.
   
   - You may use any methods and tools to achieve the task buy make sure to follow proper 3d modeling practices like constraints, joints etc.



.. Warning::
   The **Deadline** for completing the task: **16th October, 2023**

Expected Output
-----------------------
.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bPP_lZJG9qI?si=7Cp8L7nPP39KoWYW" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>




.. raw:: html
 
.. figure:: mechanism.png

..  Note:: THE DRAWING SHOULD BE DONE ACCURATELY AND AS EXPECTED .
   

Submission Instructions
-----------------------

For Submissions of your work please refer to the following instructions

Task 1
------

-  Video

   -  Once you are done with the modelling, you have to record a video
      of your screen where show the model from different angles in the
      software you used. Then you have to upload the video on YouTube
      and share a link to the video in the submission form.

-  Model file

   -  Once your Model is complete, export it as a stl file and rename it
      as .stl. For example if your name is ‘Alex’, then rename your file
      as Task1_Alex.stl

Optional Submissions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  Previous Works (Optional)

   -  You are welcome to submit any of your previous work related to 3D
      modeling. It is optional but, this would help us see your
      creativity and skills. You have to add it to drive and share the
      drive link in the submission form. **Make sure the link is public
      and accessible by anyone.**


   .. Seealso:: Last date for submission is **16th of October**

`Google Form for Task submission <https://forms.gle/4c7ep5HaYt8mJY7i9>`__
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Task 2
------

-  Video

   -  Once you are done with the modelling, you have to record a video
      of your screen where show the model from different angles, move
      all the joints and show it’s working in the software you used.
      Then you have to upload the video on YouTube as unlisted and share
      a link to the video in the submission form.

-  Model file

   -  Once your Model is complete, upload the model files in a google
      drive folder and share the link in the google form below. Make
      sure to give viewing acess while creating the shareable link for
      the google drive.

.. Seealso:: Last date for submission is **16th of October**

.. _google-form-for-task-submission-1:

`Google Form for Task submission <https://forms.gle/4c7ep5HaYt8mJY7i9>`__
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Interview
---------

::

   - Once we review your submission, we will be calling you for a personal interview based on your work.
   - We would be asking about some general question related to computers and your thought process & stuff related to the task that you have performed.


.. Note:: Make sure you submit both of your task before the 16th of
   October. Both the submissions have to be done separately. Even if you
   are not able to complete entire the task you are requested to make
   the submission of the work that you have done anyway.
