markdown/selectiontask24/Electronics_selection.rst, before:

Electronics Selection Task 2024-2025
====================================
This year, we've introduced a three-tiered Electronic Selection Task. Here's a brief summary:


**Challenge Levels**

The electronic selection task is divided into three levels, labeled from Level 0 to Level 2. 
Each level presents its distinct set of challenges. 
Whether you're a novice or an experienced enthusiast, there's something here for everyone.

**Scoring System**

To add an extra layer of excitement, each task within these levels carries a specific point value mentioned alongside 
the problem statement. Your performance will determine your score, and points will be awarded accordingly.

**Qualification Criteria**

To progress to the next stage, which is the interview phase, you must accumulate a minimum of 7 points in total. These 
points will be awarded after evaluating your submissions. Therefore, ensure you put your best foot forward for a chance to advance!




Level 0 - Getting Started: 5pts
-------------------------------

Level 0 serves as the foundation and includes a task

 1. Blink an RGB light using three different buttons, where each button controls a specific color of the light.
 2. The challenge is to ensure that pressing each button makes the corresponding color blink while the other colors remain unaffected.
                                                                               



Expected Output
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
`video link <https://www.youtube.com/shorts/QPaCsf6LROg>`__

.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QPaCsf6LROg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>


Level 1 - Advanced Challenges: 8pts
------------------------------------
Level 1 elevates the complexity with more intricate problems and higher point allocations. Stay tuned for the list of tasks!

Task 1A 
^^^^^^^

Task Description:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   1. Servo Motor Control: Rotate a servo motor based on the input from a potentiometer. The servo should move proportionally to the potentiometer's position.
   2. Angle Display: Print the current angle of the servo motor on an OLED screen. Ensure that the displayed angle accurately reflects the servo's position. 
   3. Analyze the provided code and submit the output as demonstrated in the video.                                 5 pts

Expected Output
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
`video link <https://www.youtube.com/shorts/lbVagJaASJ8>`__

.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iGsrljodarg&t" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>


Task 1B 
^^^^^^^
Task 1B elevates the complexity with more intricate problems and higher point allocations. 

Task Description:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Light up six LEDs using only three GPIO pins of Arduino/ESP32/Microcontroller. **5 pts**

Expected Output
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
`video link <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGsrljodarg&t=2s>`__

.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iGsrljodarg&t" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>


Level 2 - Expert Territory: 8pts
---------------------------------
The ultimate challenge! Level 2 will test even the most seasoned electronic enthusiasts. Prepare for some mind-bending tasks and 
substantial point rewards.

Task Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
PCB Designing - Create a schematic, perform routing, and submit a Gerber file. Additionally, provide screenshots of the 
schematics and a text file explaining your approach and detailing the schematic.                                    10 pts


Problem Statement
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Create a basic PCB capable of accepting battery input and producing different output voltages - 5V and 12V. Determine the 
track size to handle output currents of up to 2 Amps accordingly.

.. Warning::
   The **Deadline** for completing the task: **15th October, 2024**


Head over to `Submissions <./submissions.rst>`__ to submit your work

Commit message:

added wokwi note under electronics task section

markdown/selectiontask24/Electronics_selection.rst, after:

Electronics Selection Task 2024-2025
====================================


.. note::
   If you don't have hardware available, you can use a simulator such as `Wokwi <https://www.wokwi.com>`__



This year, we've introduced a three-tiered Electronic Selection Task. Here's a brief summary:

**Challenge Levels**

The electronic selection task is divided into three levels, labeled from Level 0 to Level 2. 
Each level presents its distinct set of challenges. 
Whether you're a novice or an experienced enthusiast, there's something here for everyone.

**Scoring System**

To add an extra layer of excitement, each task within these levels carries a specific point value mentioned alongside 
the problem statement. Your performance will determine your score, and points will be awarded accordingly.

**Qualification Criteria**

To progress to the next stage, which is the interview phase, you must accumulate a minimum of 7 points in total. These 
points will be awarded after evaluating your submissions. Therefore, ensure you put your best foot forward for a chance to advance!




Level 0 - Getting Started: 5pts
-------------------------------

Level 0 serves as the foundation and includes a task

 1. Blink an RGB light using three different buttons, where each button controls a specific color of the light.
 2. The challenge is to ensure that pressing each button makes the corresponding color blink while the other colors remain unaffected.
                                                                               



Expected Output
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
`video link <https://www.youtube.com/shorts/QPaCsf6LROg>`__

.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QPaCsf6LROg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>


Level 1 - Advanced Challenges: 8pts
------------------------------------
Level 1 elevates the complexity with more intricate problems and higher point allocations. Stay tuned for the list of tasks!

Task 1A 
^^^^^^^

Task Description:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   1. Servo Motor Control: Rotate a servo motor based on the input from a potentiometer. The servo should move proportionally to the potentiometer's position.
   2. Angle Display: Print the current angle of the servo motor on an OLED screen. Ensure that the displayed angle accurately reflects the servo's position. 
   3. Analyze the provided code and submit the output as demonstrated in the video.                                 5 pts

Expected Output
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
`video link <https://www.youtube.com/shorts/lbVagJaASJ8>`__

.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iGsrljodarg&t" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>


Task 1B 
^^^^^^^
Task 1B elevates the complexity with more intricate problems and higher point allocations. 

Task Description:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Light up six LEDs using only three GPIO pins of Arduino/ESP32/Microcontroller. **5 pts**

Expected Output
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
`video link <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGsrljodarg&t=2s>`__

.. raw:: html

   <center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iGsrljodarg&t" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></center><br>


Level 2 - Expert Territory: 8pts
---------------------------------
The ultimate challenge! Level 2 will test even the most seasoned electronic enthusiasts. Prepare for some mind-bending tasks and 
substantial point rewards.

Task Description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
PCB Designing - Create a schematic, perform routing, and submit a Gerber file. Additionally, provide screenshots of the 
schematics and a text file explaining your approach and detailing the schematic.                                    10 pts


Problem Statement
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Create a basic PCB capable of accepting battery input and producing different output voltages - 5V and 12V. Determine the 
track size to handle output currents of up to 2 Amps accordingly.

.. Warning::
   The **Deadline** for completing the task: **15th October, 2024**


Head over to `Submissions <./submissions.rst>`__ to submit your work
