**************
Selection Task
**************

Hello there, Welcome to the **A.T.O.M**\ ’s wiki. This section contains
information about **2022’s selection task** for joining **A.T.O.M**,
*the robotics society of MAIT*.

Currently we are working on multiple projects and are on the lookout for
skilled individuals with different technical backgrounds who could join
the society and contribute for the same. The following positions are
open as of now:

CAD DESIGNER
============

You will be responsbile for the following: \* Designing creative and
efficient 3D CAD Models for Robotic Parts. \* Designing mechanisms (Gear
Systems, Pulley Systems etc.) for robotic acutators like servo motors,
steppar motors etc. \* Designing the above said while keeping 3D
Printing in mind since we mostly for our fabrication.

*Head over to*\ `CAD Selection Tasks <./cad_sel.rst>`__\ *for a detailed
information related to the task.*

FAQs
====

**Question**: *What kind of students would fit perfect for these
positions*\ 

**Ans**: *Somebody who has the following qualities:* 
   * Curious 
   * Hardworking 
   * Disciplined 
   * Passionate 
   * Quick learner 
   * ~~ rich enough to pay for society’s funds ~~
   * ~~ someone who has a goodsense of humour? ~~ 
   * *and yeah knowledge about the postitions they’ll be applying for DUH*

**Question**: *What are we gonna get after joining this yet another
society related to tech n blah blah stuff?*\  

**Ans**: *Buddy, a whole
lotta experience related to “tech stuff” known as robotics. Robotics is
a field which includes portion of every engineering branch. From
programing to mechanical, electronics to electrical everything would be
covered. Each every project would involve two stages: simulation and
hardware. So from going all theory to more practical based approach
would surely help you understand your enrolled courses more or even you
may find other branches interesting with this method. We are sure you
would be an all rounder by the end.*

..  Note:: The tasks are not just only test your problem solving
   skills but see your diligence to learn new stuff the ablity to get
   the work done.You could also showcase any of your projects while
   submission, this optional but would help us making the process a
   whole lot faster.

.. seealso:: The deadline for completing the task: **28th August, 2022**

