src/sel-task/problem-statement.md, before:

# Problem Statement

* The objective of the task is to move the turtle inside the turtlesim window in a inward or outward spiral motion and to stop it after a certian amount of distance or turns.

* To acheive this task you are supposed to create a node named &nbsp; <mark>/node_turtle_spiral</mark>  &nbsp; within a python script,    &nbsp;<mark>node_turtle_spiral.py</mark> &nbsp;


>**Note:** Dont worry if you are new to ROS or Linux(Ubuntu), the task is fairly simple and we have provided you with ample resource and tutorials in this WIKI to the complete this task so only a strong will and a little bit of brains is required to get the work done. Also even though this just a weekend task we have provided ample amount of time as we also have our midterm exams during this time. So we thing a week time is enough so you guys can give your exams freely and manage your time in order to complete the task

Once you have read the problem statement please visit the [Procedure](./sel-task/procedure.md) page to get started with the task.

<br></br>

# Expected Output

<iframe
    width="640"
    height="480"
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/V7pPRCEUF4M"
    frameborder="0"
    allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
    allowfullscreen
>
</iframe>

Commit message:

updared the video link and problem statement

src/sel-task/problem-statement.md, after:

# Problem Statement

* The objective of the task is to move the turtle inside the turtlesim window in a inward or outward spiral motion and to stop it after a certian amount of distance or turns.

* To acheive this task you are supposed to create a node named &nbsp; <mark>/node_turtle_spiral</mark>  &nbsp; within a python script,    &nbsp;<mark>node_turtle_spiral.py</mark> &nbsp;


>**Note:** Dont worry if you are new to ROS or Linux(Ubuntu), the task is fairly simple and we have provided you with ample resource and tutorials in this WIKI to the complete this task so only a strong will and a little bit of brains is required to get the work done. Also even though this just a weekend task we have provided ample amount of time as some of you have your end-term exams(onile though). So we think two weeks time is enough so you guys can study for your exams freely and manage your time in order to complete the task.

Once you have read the problem statement please visit the [Procedure](./procedure.md) page to get started with the task.

<br></br>

# Expected Output
[output video](https://youtu.be/5snhKotl48k)

<iframe
    width="640"
    height="480"
    src="https://youtu.be/5snhKotl48k"
    frameborder="0"
    allow="autoplay; encrypted-media"
    allowfullscreen
>
</iframe>
